README.md, before:

# CMD-Costum
These are some of the scripts to make my life easier for me in Command Prompt.

Docs:

`chr`  -   opens chrome

`i`    -   Sets proxy (GITAM Proxy)

`o`    -   resets proxy

`ib`   -   Sets proxy (IITB Proxy)

`l`    -   uses linux command(still under Development)

`jup`  -   Opens Jupyter-Lab in the Working-Dir

`push` -   Push repo. Type the message in quotes

`pull` -   Pull repo

`kri`  -   Auto Remote Login integrated with RSA Key.


Formated Start info: 43 Upvotes [Here](https://superuser.com/questions/302194/automatically-executing-commands-when-a-command-prompt-is-opened)

# Python-Scripts
These are some of the Scripts that I wrote for stuff like marking and set-up.

Docs:

`from _Dump import me`   -->  is the file for importing the inscript runnables

`me.mark("D")`           -->  for watermarking the script in DUMP's name

`me.mark("Y")`           -->  for watermarking the script in Yashasvi's name

# AutoHotKey-Scripts
These are some of the `.ahk` scripts I wrote.

Docs:

`Ctrl + e`   --> Enables/Disables Desktop icons and hides Taskbar

# Remote-Server
Contains Mainly OpenVPN Setup that I use for accessing RDPS set-up.

Docs:

VPN Setup that tunnels just the `Krishna` Network traffic. All other packets are tunneled from the local network.
Only `one` IP has been allowed.

Commit message:

Added <m> cut for main.py execution

README.md, after:

# CMD-Costum
These are some of the scripts to make my life easier for me in Command Prompt.

Docs:

`chr`  -   opens chrome

`i`    -   Sets proxy (GITAM Proxy)

`o`    -   resets proxy

`ib`   -   Sets proxy (IITB Proxy)

`l`    -   uses linux command(still under Development)

`jup`  -   Opens Jupyter-Lab in the Working-Dir

`push` -   Push repo. Type the message in quotes

`pull` -   Pull repo

`kri`  -   Auto Remote Login integrated with RSA Key.

`m`    -   Executes the main.py file in the directory


Formated Start info: 43 Upvotes [Here](https://superuser.com/questions/302194/automatically-executing-commands-when-a-command-prompt-is-opened)

# Python-Scripts
These are some of the Scripts that I wrote for stuff like marking and set-up.

Docs:

`from _Dump import me`   -->  is the file for importing the inscript runnables

`me.mark("D")`           -->  for watermarking the script in DUMP's name

`me.mark("Y")`           -->  for watermarking the script in Yashasvi's name

# AutoHotKey-Scripts
These are some of the `.ahk` scripts I wrote.

Docs:

`Ctrl + e`   --> Enables/Disables Desktop icons and hides Taskbar

# Remote-Server
Contains Mainly OpenVPN Setup that I use for accessing RDPS set-up.

Docs:

VPN Setup that tunnels just the `Krishna` Network traffic. All other packets are tunneled from the local network.
Only `one` IP has been allowed.
